[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Resonance is the
key to everything.
When two organisms share
the same resonance,
information is
exchanged between them.
Understand this, and you'll come
to know what ancient temples
can do for you and to you.
It's one of the great
secrets of the mysteries.
And it's what lies
behind sacred sites
and the healing
power of resonance.
As humans, we can't help
being attracted and distracted
by the visual beauty
of ancient temples
and other sacred places.
We marvel at their
physical characteristics,
admire their ornamentation,
stand in awe of their elegance.
And yet behind their
outward appearance,
there's a lot more going on.
In ancient Egypt, for
example, the temple
was not regarded as
a physical object,
but looked upon as a
living entity to the point
where prayers were
conducted at dawn by priests
who walked every room
chanting, as though rousing
a sleeping being from slumber.
Their architects
describe how temples
were designed for
times when people
lost their connection to the
elemental world around them.
The temple was there as a
reminder of their godliness
without religious overtones.
You could say the temples are
the original self-help centers,
particularly when they share
a rich history of healing.
The idea that sacred sites
have curative properties
is an ancient one.
For thousands of years, people
have visited these temples
to interact with their
energy, particularly those
in need of improving
their well-being.
Such a long
tradition, obviously,
proves there is something
about them that works.
Even today, mothers still
take their sick children
to these standing
stones and pass them
through the ring seven
times, in accordance
with the local legend.
It's like a neolithic version
of a CAT scan and a lot cheaper.
It is true that this type of
stone chosen for this temple
is naturally radioactive--
just enough to trigger
the body's immune system
and eradicate harmful bacteria.
So these pilgrims, both
ancient and modern, were right.
There is an invisible technology
at work behind the scenes.
Similar miracles
have been taking
place for over 4,000 years
at Saint [INAUDIBLE],,
a site once used by the
Anasazi, who came here
to use its healing mud.
Although it is now a
highly Christianized site,
the efficacious soil
is still sought after.
And judging by the
number of crutches
discarded inside the church,
clearly, it still works.
This healing ability is
also true of sacred springs.
These are the
original sacred sites.
Later, they were
adapted into holy wells
and each well is associated
with a specific cure.
Some work for the eyes, others
for liver, limbs, even rickets.
One famous holy-well lies
beneath Chartres Cathedral.
And long before this magnificent
building was erected--
even before the
times of druids--
people undertook pilgrimage here
to drink the curative water.
After all, there
is a good reason
why this is called the
Well of the Strong.
The effectiveness
of the water is
due in part to its
dissolved mineral content
as well as the electromagnetic
properties that
flow through the
location and its geology,
making for a very
potent combination.
Out of the thousands
of case histories
of peoples' interaction
with sacred sites, perhaps
my favorite is the story of
Englishman John [? Trilyle, ?]
born in 1640 with twisted limbs.
For the first 16
years of his life,
he was partially paralyzed.
But after experiencing
a prophetic dream,
he was instructed to crawl
around the particular holy-well
three times, then
bathe in its waters,
and sleep above the
underground stream.
In the following days,
he regained strength
and was completely cured of the
knotted sinews of his limbs.
In fact, John went on to
enlist in the King's army,
where he served
gallantly for many years.
When you enter a temple, what
you're actually walking into
is an invisible world
of harmonics, resonance,
and subtle energies.
When combined, these elements
affect the human body
to an extraordinary degree,
because both the human temple
and the constructed temple
are built upon the same laws.
And that is the laws of nature.
If you look at the human
body, it's actually not
very physical at all.
It's a series of
atoms and molecules
spiraling at enormous
speed, giving the illusion
of solid appearance.
But squeeze all the air out,
and what you'd be left with
would fit in a teaspoon.
Then there's DNA, the
essence of who we are.
At its core, it's chemical
bonds are constructed
from two geometric shapes--
the hexagram and the pentagram.
Expressed numerically, that's
a ratio of six to five.
This ratio is also
inherent in the temple
we come from-- the Earth.
The reason why life exists
here and in no other part
of the solar system is due
to the unusual rotation
of the Earth.
The pole completes a full
cycle every 25,920 years.
While this is taking
place, the Earth's axis
tilts four degrees over
the course of 21,000 years.
The ratio between the two
is, again, six to five.
Thus, the Earth is mirrored
inside the human body.
This correspondence establishes
a direct relationship
between the two
and probably lies
at the heart of why we are
drawn to geometric forms.
Such harmonic resonance defines
everything around us, even
in the sub-atomic world.
It is the underlying
language of nature--
the very essence of life.
And it's particularly
obvious when
it manifests in the simplest
single-celled organisms called
diatoms.
This resonance is also
the foundation of sound,
for when sound is made
visible and photographed,
it displays the very same
harmonic forms, proving
that vibration is an essential
component in the process
of manifestation.
These scientific
observations are actually
fundamental beliefs in
every ancient culture.
And they incorporated these
concepts in their sacred art.
To them, actions taking
place in the physical
follow the rules of principles
of harmonic resonance
taking place in the nonphysical.
The temple builders applied
these rules in a practical way.
Because sacred
geometry epitomizes
the perfection of nature--
what they call the
domain of the gods--
ancient architects encoded
these harmonics invisibly
in the blueprint of temples.
It is disguised in the way the
elements relates to each other.
The temples feel right,
because their proportions
are based on natural laws.
It is part of the reason
why sacred places affect
our senses.
Their harmonics interacts
with our subconscious.
They remind us of
this perfection
that we strive for in our lives.
Because every geometric form is
an expression of an underlying
consciousness, each shape
was observed in nature
and deliberately chosen
to generate an environment
for each temple that
induces a desired effect.
One excellent example
is Stonehenge.
As far as the average
troglodyte is concerned,
Stonehenge is a
jumble of large rocks.
But underneath its skin,
every form of sacred geometry
lies concealed, each shape
defining the placement
of its arcs and circles.
The builders of
sacred space also
understood that intent
is an energy in itself--
a view now accepted throughout
the enlightened scientific
community.
So any group of people
enter Stonehenge
with the intent to
work with, say, healing
and the application
of the lifeforce--
that intent triggers the
only parts of Stonehenge that
are defined by the pentagram.
When another group works with
sounds, on the other hand,
they will invoke the
geometry associated
with sound, the seven-sided
heptagram, and thus,
the entire original site.
The same idea was employed
in Gothic cathedrals
by people following
the exact same recipe.
And it is not by
accident that visitors
to places like Chartres
are significantly
moved inside these buildings
above any other design
of the period.
The effect has little to
do with religious belief
and more to do with the
interaction between the body
and the resonant environment.
To prove this, experiments
by scientists in Bulgaria
found the building hospital
room shaped like pentagrams
improved the rate of health.
Rooms shaped like trapezoids
improved schizophrenia.
And spherical shapes improved
the coagulation of blood.
Our ancestors also understood
that the energy of an object
does not stop at its
physical boundary--
that all forms possess
a radiant energy field.
We call this field
by different names--
aura, resonance, radiance,
morphic field, chi.
Regardless, it is a field that
exists around an organism where
information is stored.
You could call it the organism's
business card or soul.
When the energy of two organisms
intersects and their resonance
is sympathetic with
one another, a bond
takes place and information is
transferred between the two.
We know this process by
another common name, love.
Since ancient times,
people were known
to have the innate
capacity to fully
engage with this invisible
universe, with a source--
hence the term sorcerer.
The problem is that some
point over the course of time
on Earth, things go
very, very wrong.
Ego takes over.
You begin to associate
with the material world
to a point where you become
disconnected from the source.
In such a state,
the orderly geometry
of your atoms and molecules
becomes disorderly.
You enter a state of duality--
a separation between
physical and spiritual.
To put it simply,
you are no longer at
ease with your environment.
Instead, you have
become diseased.
To remedy the problem,
the temple builders
created environments
to remind people
of their state of
perfection and bring them
into a state of balance.
In fact, a phrase written
inside certain temples
states that the temple
is there to, quote,
"transform the person into
a god, into a bright star."
In other words, the
temple was built
to alter that which has become
imperfect into something
perfect.
At the Temple of Edfu, they
even made a joke about it.
And it reads, "We will
keep building temples
until people recognize
the temple in themselves."
Let us now look at what makes
temples energetically active
and why they were looked
upon as living beings.
First, all sacred
sites without exception
are located on
magnetic hot-spots.
Decades of research
in Britain reveals
how hundreds of its
main ancient sites
are sited along the path
of two of the earth's
major electromagnetic pathways.
Another major study-- this
time in northern France--
was conducted by an electrical
engineer named Pierre
[? Moreaux. ?] Interestingly,
he was skeptical
that ancient megaliths
held any special powers--
that such things were figments
of the new-age imagination.
Moreaux concluded his
painstaking scientific work
by submitting that
the sites are alive.
The structures such
as dolmens behave
like resonators, menhirs
like coils, and stone circles
like batteries.
And what's more, the
supposedly dead lumps of stone
actually received stored and
emitted electrical pulses
at regular intervals.
He essentially validated all the
world myths describing standing
stones as living entities--
as sensitive beings who are
congenial and yet like us,
are easily offended.
We can now understand why people
use the very same sacred sites
to heal all manner of ailments,
even to facilitate childbirth
for thousands of years.
Until recently,
fertility dances were
performed in northern
Europe, in which women
would slide the stones
between their legs
to improve conception.
A few years ago, I
undertook an experiment
to monitor the energy field
of a sacred mound in England.
This animation shows
the mound from above
and the ripples of energy
measured every two weeks
over the course of one year.
Red is positive, or
masculine polarity.
Blue is negative,
or female polarity.
Showed in sequence,
these ripples
move as though the site
is breathing in and out.
But what amazed me most was
the spatial relationship
between the ripples.
Each space is defined by the
very sacred geometry that
defines the orbits of
planets and organic life
forms on Earth.
So this humble, sacred site
emits electromagnetic pulses
that shift according
to seasons--
to solar and lunar impulses,
even the Earth's rotating core.
Bear in mind that a small change
in the local electromagnetic
field is all it takes
to alter information
received by human DNA.
Mounds, pyramids, and
underground chambers
were designed to shield
certain frequencies
and generate an artificial
energetic environment within.
At Delphi and the Great Pyramid,
for example, the base resonance
is 7.8 Hertz,
which happens to be
the brainwave frequency
of healers and psychics
when they are working.
So when you interact
with sacred places,
these specially
designed environments
behave like living organisms
whose resonance alters
the information
received by your DNA.
And in doing so, they act on the
imperfections inside the body,
reshaping them,
enabling a person
to achieve optimum health
mentally, spiritually,
and under the right
circumstances, physically.
There is one more element
that creates a healing
environment in sacred places.
And it's one we
take for granted.
And that is water.
All sacred sites are
placed above or adjacent
to springs, underground
streams, holy wells, aquifers,
and other bodies of water.
Water is a fundamental
element in every temple.
The relationship between water,
electromagnetism, healing,
and sacred sites has
been known for centuries.
In Celtic times, holy people
founded oracles and churches
at locations where they observe
animals choosing a certain spot
on the land to give birth.
The same observation
has been made
by douses, who saw how
sick animals are attracted
to hot spots where water
and electromagnetism combine
and generate an
invisible vortex.
Animals would not
behave like this
unless there is a direct
benefit to their well-being.
The English douse
Guy Underwood made
hundreds of careful
studies of ancient sites
and Gothic cathedrals.
And his drawings prove
the direct relationship
between the size and
placement of the structures
to invisible paths of energy.
Science has also shown
that water at holy places
possesses greater
properties of resonance.
It can absorb a greater
frequency spectrum of light.
And when observed
under the microscope,
holy water shows hundreds
of spinning vortices,
as though this water
is truly alive.
The curative properties
of this living water
were known to doctors
in cities like London,
even in the 19th century,
because they regularly
sent their patients 200 miles
by train to sacred springs
to be cured of tumors or eye
problems and other afflictions
they could not cure.
When you build a temple
over a spring or flowing
underground water,
the site attracts
electromagnetic pathways,
as shown in this image made
by a magnetometer.
The resonant environment
inside the stone circle
behaves like a vortex.
And this sets up a
unique correspondence
with the human body, because
the body is electromagnetic.
And it is composed of
2/3 water, part of which
is in the blood, which
itself requires a vorticular
motion to move it through the
body's arteries and veins.
It demonstrates, once again, how
the temple and the human body
are mirrors of each other.
Interestingly, when water spins,
it does two curious things.
First, when it
flows down a hole,
it takes on an angle
of 19.47 degrees, which
happens to be the angle at
which energy is released
from the core of the earth.
This concept was not lost
on temple builders, who
applied this angle
to reference temples
to each other on the landscape.
Secondly, when it
spins, water generates
its own electromagnetic
field, enabling water
to record information.
In other words, it makes
water have a memory.
The funny thing is,
this was already
known to Egyptians in 8,000 BC.
The Egyptian god
of wisdom Djhuty
wrote, this is the
property of our medicine
into which the previous body
of the spirits are reduced.
That at first, one part
there of shall tinge
10 parts of this perfect body.
Then 100.
And then 1,000.
And so on, infinitely on.
And by how much more
often the medicine
is dissolved, by so much
more is increased in virtue.
Today, of course, we call
this process homeopathy.
You take four drops
of a solution,
dilute it a million
times, and spin it.
And the water retains the
memory of the original solution.
The idea that a highly
diluted solution
can retain the essence
of its original
was proved 40 years ago
by Jacques Benveniste,
whose experiments
were replicated
in no less than five independent
laboratories in Europe.
That water is capable
of remembering
the resonance of living
energy was further developed
by Edward Bach, whose plant
tinctures still carry his name
and provide healing to
millions around the world.
But water can also be shaped
by the energy field of a human
being-- specifically,
it's focused intent.
Remember, the human
body is 2/3 water.
You add it's electromagnetic
field plus intention,
and you have a very,
very powerful tool.
This was the idea proposed
by Japanese scientist Masuro
Emoto, whose controlled
experiments clearly show
the influence of human intent.
Here, he shows the
crystalline structure
of ordinary water
and the same water
after it comes into contact
with a photograph capturing
the moment a young child
imagines a positive thought.
In another notable
experiment, the same water
was placed in two vials
and given to two people.
One was asked to write the
words love, appreciation
with focused intent
on the label.
The other wrote,
you make me sick.
I will kill you.
The results speak
for themselves.
It demonstrates the
power of focused intent
and the capacity of resonance
to exchange information
between two organisms,
to the point where
another organism can
be drastically altered
and improved.
Our story now takes
a dramatic turn.
For many years, I've
wondered, what if a person
lives too far from a temple?
Can the resonant
energy of a sacred site
be tapped at a distance?
And the answer is yes.
And how I came about this
method will surprise you.
It just requires an open mind.
In my first book,
"Secrets in the Fields,"
I outline the science
and evidence proving
that the genuine crop
circles appearing
across the face of the
earth in past decades
incorporate identical
principles used in temples.
They even contain
information, part of which
is a code that is capable
of being transferred
to living organisms.
In fact, I went out
so far as to state
that these mysterious
symbols are the new temples.
They certainly incorporate
identical encoded geometric
harmonics common
to ancient temples.
They reference each
other as well as temples
on the landscape using
that 19.47 degree
common to water and the earth.
The visual aspect
of crop circles
follows the same
harmonic laws of sound.
And like sacred
places, they contain
a measurable
electromagnetic field
that differs significantly
on the outside than inside.
And when this resonant
field interacts with seeds,
it has been proven to
increase vitality in plants,
invigorating seed growth
by as much as two to one
compared to ordinary seeds.
And the crop circles
are also manifesting
using the same vortex
motion of energy found
in nature and sacred sites.
And just like
sacred sites, water
is fundamental to crop circles.
They are always found
besides sources of water
or above aquifers.
This infrared image
shows the crop circle,
how it has displaced millions
of gallons of groundwater.
In blind tests,
it was discovered
that the water from inside
non-man-made crop circles
was potentized up to a
136% above control samples.
If so, what could this
be doing to people
who visit these modern temples?
Because all of these elements--
electromagnetism, water,
and spin--
are common to the human body.
Experiments monitoring
people's brain waves
inside crop circles
using EEG devices
show measurable increase
in right brain activity
compared to normal environments.
The same effect also takes
place inside Gothic cathedrals.
But perhaps the most
startling evidence
pointing to an interaction
with the human biological field
is how they contain
a signature frequency
range of 260 to 320 megahertz.
In the early 70s,
the body was found
to be composed of a
range of frequencies,
much like a radio
stations along the dial.
But there was a noticeable range
where there exists no stations.
And that range is
260 to 320 Hertz.
So it seems though
crop circles are
filling in the missing
frequencies of the human body
and upping the
frequency tenfold.
It suggests there is a
definitive interaction taking
place between the two
organisms, even more so
when you consider that
one particular crop circle
references the points
in the DNA molecule
that are not coded for protein.
Since both the human
body and crop circles
are electromagnetic
organisms, the implications
are extraordinary.
Consider, for
example, that changes
in the local
bio-electromagnetic field
can be transmitted to DNA.
And in laboratory
experiments in China,
it has already been shown
that genetic information can
be successfully transmitted
from one organism to the other
using this technique.
Indeed, crop circles
are living organisms.
Just like temples
and trees, they
possess a measurable energy
field that expresses itself
in several forms--
radial and concentric,
like ripples in a pond.
The latter is identical to the
energy fields shown earlier--
that morphic field where an
organism's information is
stored.
And this information is also
expressed with geometry--
the language of living nature.
Remember how human
DNA is also geometric?
And how when two sympathetic
geometries interact,
an exchange of information
takes place between organisms?
Now we begin to see how crop
circles could share information
with people who
interact with them
and why we react to crop circles
with such a strong emotions.
Since crop circles
manifest along
the same paths of
magnetic energy
as nearby sacred
sites, many of which
already come with a rich
tradition of healing,
it's quite possible
that crop circles
carry the same potential.
As it turns out, there are
hundreds of case histories
demonstrating this.
In one case, shortly
before an osteopath
presented the lecture, he
walked through the audience
and handed out
copies of this image,
without saying anything
about it or what
he was about to discuss.
By the time he returned
to the front of the room,
a woman in the audience
held up her hand
and said to him that she had
suffered from acute arthritis
for many years.
But after looking at the
image of this crop circle,
the pain in her joints suddenly
and permanently went away,
to which he replied, welcome
to an evening of crop
circles and healing.
Another situation involved
an 82-year-old woman
called Margaret, who too had
suffered pain in her joints
for 15 years, to the point
where she required assistance
to lie down and get up.
One day, her regular
helpers took her
for a picnic inside
a crop circle that
had appeared near her home.
Margaret was very
skeptical of these things,
believing them to be
clever pranks by people.
But she went anyway.
As they were about to
sit down in the field,
the two helpers moved
forward to assist Margaret.
But she brushed them
away, saying she
wanted to do this by herself.
They watched her sit
and lie down, unassisted
for the first time in over
a decade, and then rise
to her feet, all from
being inside a crop circle.
Then there was the
hay fever sufferer,
who walked a mile out into
a canola field, to which she
was allergic, but
visited a crop circle,
and ever since has been
cured of her condition.
One of the more dramatic
cases involves a young man
in America named Ethan,
who was diagnosed
with a 99% malignant eye tumor.
He was put on a
strict medication,
which he declined to take.
Meanwhile, his mother
has visited a crop circle
in England and in a
clairvoyant moment
was told to take some
of its seeds home
and give them to her son.
Ethan did exactly
that for several weeks
as well as visualizing
the same crop circle.
When he returned
to the hospital,
doctors were astonished to
find the tumor had gone.
Now, when they asked Ethan how
he was able to cure himself,
well, the reaction
was priceless.
I wanted to share
one more story.
A friend of mine named
Abby called me one day
to tell me how she wanted
to help her neighbor, a dear
friend who had
just been sent home
from hospital to spend her last
hours in peace with family.
She had been diagnosed
with terminal bone cancer
and was given 72 hours to live.
Abby asked me how she
could use the crop
circles to heal her friend.
At this point, I had to
basically stop her and say,
crop circles do not heal.
But they do carry codes
that have the capacity
to influence another
organism, particularly where
there exists a sympathetic
resonance between the two.
And of course, the organism--
or person in this case--
needs to want to heal.
Contrary to belief, healing
in its wider context
also includes death.
Because for some
things, dying may
be the best form of healing.
As bystanders, we cannot know
or judge someone else's ultimate
intended purpose in life.
Only they know what is best for
them, consciously or otherwise.
Nevertheless, Abby
wanted to try it.
After all, what
was there to lose?
So I instructed her
to let her friend look
through the images in
my book and see if there
was one she reacted to.
She did, and very strongly.
So I instructed Abby
to take the photograph,
place a vial of spring
water on the image.
And the next step
was very important,
because she had to act
as the conduit, whereby
the energy of the image was
visualized being transferred
into the water.
She's like an intermediary.
And then she created
the tincture.
She was to give four drops four
times a day to her neighbor,
much like the Bach
flower remedies.
As much as Abby wanted her
friend to just get up and walk,
I had to remind her again
not to put any judgement
or expectation on the outcome.
Perhaps this illness
was something
she needed to experience.
Perhaps dying was
her way of healing.
Two weeks went by.
Abby's neighbor, who for
all intents and purposes,
ought to have been
dead and buried,
drove herself to a
hospital and continued
to live a reasonably healthy
life for several more months.
It's a wonderful and true story.
But there's a sad ending.
The woman stopped taking
the remedy, lapsed
into a state of disease,
and eventually passed away.
When I met Abby and
discussed this experience,
she informed me
that her neighbor
was a fundamental Christian.
And the fact that a seemingly
alien artifact cured her
frightened her.
As far as her belief
was concerned,
this was nothing
more than witchcraft.
In other words, her
belief prevented
her accepting this magic.
This energy short
circuited the connection.
The energy of the
crop circle was
no longer able to find its
sympathetic counterpart.
And contact stopped.
The experience taught
me a useful lesson.
It proved that crop circles,
just like ancient temples,
are not miracle cures.
They do, however,
contain a potential.
And we are part of the process.
We have to meet this
potential halfway.
Oldest was beginning to
answer my original question
about bringing the energy
of the temple to you.
The problem with using a
photograph in this digital era
is you cannot be certain if
the original image has been
distorted.
Because if it has, then
the energy is not retained.
So I had to find a more reliable
method of treating organisms
at a distance by tapping
a subtle energy code.
And this method does exist.
It's called resonance therapy.
It's also known as radionics.
Radionics works on the principle
that every living organism
is surrounded by a
morphic field containing
a code, which enables
the organism to resonate
with its environment.
The scientist who made this
discovery was Albert Abrams.
While studying nature and the
resonance of living organisms
at Stanford University,
he'd reached the conclusion
that all disease is
based on vibration.
In 1924, the British
parliament investigated
his outlandish claims
and upheld them,
maintaining that his method
of transmitting a healing
code to another organism across
space and time does work.
Abrams method was taken a stage
further by Malcolm Ray, who
developed a system using
a series of simulator
cards, where the magnetic,
geometric representations
of remedies are stored in
the form of concentric rings
and radii.
These cards were then fed into a
device and the code transmitted
to a receiving
substance, such as water.
It was here that I
made the connection.
Where had I seen
these patches before?
In the concentric ring
and radial energy patterns
of crop circles, of course.
It occurred to me that if there
exists a link between the two,
then the crop circles
also contain a resonance
and potentially healing code.
This is where I
came across the work
of the Institute of
Resonance Therapy in Germany.
IRT specializes in revitalizing
ecosystems in distress
as well as people with
all manner of ailments.
Their method is to take a
map of the area to be treated
or a photograph of a person and
then supply the missing code
to the ecosystem in distress.
They found this code hardwired
in a variety of forms--
radionics cards,
mandalas, letters
from ancient alphabets
such as Sanskrit,
even the symbolic
language of runes.
Essentially, IRT locates
the organism's hard drive,
supplies the
appropriate software,
and enables the organism
to reboot and heal itself.
Evidence that a sympathetic
resonant code also
exists in crop
circles was discovered
when IRT used these images to
revitalize a park in Austria.
The problem was this.
The local counsel had
invested a good amount
of time, money, and energy
into landscaping this park.
Yet few people felt
comfortable there.
At the request of the
local authorities,
IRT quietly transmitted the
code from a crop circle image
from their office in
Germany to this park.
After two years of
remote work, the park
became a focal point
for community life,
as though some discard
energy had been cleared.
In researching the
history of the park,
it turns out that
a major atrocity
had been committed there
during the Second World War.
And the trauma of
the event had been
memorized by the water
trapped beneath the park
and trapped ever since.
Later, IRT worked on
revitalizing dying forests
in the Czech Republic.
After three years of ongoing
treatment at a distance
using crop circle images,
the vitality of trees
was as much as 65% above
trees of similar species
throughout the country.
As a bonus, the first
wave of crop circles
appeared in the Czech
Republic as a kind
of validation of the work
undertaken by the company.
Soon more evidence
began to appear
in support of the vibratory
power of crop circles.
In one independent experiment,
the crystalline structure
of tap water was
photographed before and after
it came into contact with
a photo of a crop circle.
The result, again,
speaks for itself.
It seems the crop circle
images behave like mandalas.
So the next logical
step was to see
whether they retained the
energy field when simplified
into accurate diagrams.
Inspired by the Malcolm
Ray simulator card system,
I developed a series of
crop circle resonance cards,
where these remedies,
so to speak,
are stored in their
perfect vibratory states.
More to the point, they
achieved my original idea
of being able to bring
the temple to you,
so you can access this
tool anytime, anywhere.
A number of kinesiologists were
enlisted for initial trials.
I gave them no instruction,
except to play the cards
as they saw fit.
The results were dramatic.
In every case, patients' energy
fields reacted positively
whenever the cards were used in
applied kinesiology, or muscle
testing.
In one case, despite
the practitioner
having a wide range of
remedies at her disposal,
the only positive response was
when she used a crop circle
card during the process.
That card was then used to
create a homeopathic tincture
that healed the patient.
So it's true.
Crop circles in diagrammatic
form retain their information
and can be accessed by
any organism in distress.
I place no limitations
on their potential.
In fact, I am constantly amazed
by the unusual ways people
apply them.
One massage therapist
tunes into the cards
prior to her client's arrival
and asks for the correct card
to make itself known for the
highest good of that client.
She then uses it to stimulate
the energy field of the room
during a session.
I personally know her approach
works, because she tried it
on me without my knowledge.
And for over an
hour, while lying
flat on her table, while
I saw in my mind's eye
was the image of
this very crop circle
she had picked out
earlier, but only showed me
after the session was over.
Then there's a nurse who
works in a hospital, where
she is responsible
for assisting patients
before and after surgery.
She asked each patient
to pick a card--
any card.
She said that they would pick
one symbol that made them smile
and place the card on
their belly button--
the solar plexus--
and watch these people
losing the fear of going
into the operating theater.
When they returned,
still under anesthesia,
she would replace the
card on the solar plexus.
One day, she said, a team of
doctors marched into the room,
demanding to know why
the patients in her care
required fewer days of
recovery after operations.
Obviously, it was affecting
the hospital's bottom line.
And she just said, I
place a crop circle card
on their belly button.
The doctors apparently
just walked out in silence
and never returned.
I once saw an
attendee at my lecture
walk over to a set of
cards sitting on a table.
I hadn't mentioned
anything about them.
In fact, they were going to be
the subject of the following
day's presentation.
I had not anticipated
the gentleman to return,
because he seemed very
skeptical of my work.
And yet, he seemed
intrigued by these symbols,
and then he left.
The following day, he was
sitting at the front row.
And I expressed my surprise
at seeing him again,
whereupon he said, I've
been smoking for 10 years.
I had no idea what
these cards were.
I just put my hand over them.
And for the past 12
hours, I have not
picked up a single cigarette,
nor do I feel the desire to.
What is it with these things?
These examples are not figments
of people's imaginations.
Because a blind
test was conducted
on the cards using
a device developed
by Konstantin Korotkov,
a physicist and president
of the International Union
of Medical and Applied
Bioelectrography.
The results show how
the bio-electric energy
field of an activated
card is noticeably
different to the card
that is no more than ink
on a piece of cardboard.
It proves that the cards
retain the information coded
in the original crop circle.
With a manifesting
of crop circles,
we are witnessing an
extraordinary potential
being encoded into the
earth, as these new temples,
like their ancient predecessors,
invite us to rediscover
a universal system of
knowledge that helped bring
diseased biological
systems back into harmony
with their environment.
We stopped building sacred
places after the 13th century.
We have forgotten that
energy hot-spots exist
around the earth that helped
re-establish a bond between us
and the natural world.
And as our ancestors
correctly predicted,
denying this
connection would result
in the imbalance
of the individual,
an unhealthy society,
and ultimately,
the downfall of entire cultures.
It seems that the crop circles
by their design and behavior
are filling this
gap, reminding us
of a legacy that is waiting
to be interacted with.
We already know these
temples can code water.
So why not the potential
to heal people?
In 1999, it was
discovered that when
DNA is altered, as in
the case of cancer,
a single atom of
ruthenium placed
at each end of a
short strand of DNA
makes ruthenium resonates
with a diseased cell,
causing the deformed
DNA to be corrected.
Within hours of this
discovery, this crop circle
appeared, featuring
a short strand of DNA
with a large atom at each
end, as though validating
this scientific breakthrough.
Could these new temples
also be encoding ideas
into our biosphere?
One thing is certain.
Like temples, stone
circles, and sacred places,
these symbols require a bridge
that springs them into action.
And by demonstrating that
our intent is that bridge,
ultimately we are
the co-creators
of the spiritual technology.
As the Hopi say, we are
the ones we're waiting for.
And they're right, of course.
But because we are
only too human,
we sometimes need a little
nudge from an intelligence
beyond our world.
[MUSIC PLAYING]